[API][Behat] Add note about behat client changes (#14406)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.12.md

9. Passing a `Gaufrette\Filesystem` to `Sylius\Component\Core\Uploader\ImageUploader` constructor is deprecated since
Sylius 1.12 and will be prohibited in 2.0. Use `Sylius\Component\Core\Filesystem\Adapter\FlysystemFilesystemAdapter` instead.

> ### Api clients refactor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### API clients refactor
```

> ### Api clients refactor

Reviewer: And this chapter should be moved to `UPGRADE-API-1.12.md` file

#### New way of defining the clients

> In `1.12` version we changed the way of defining API clients in our behat contexts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the `1.12` version we changed the way of defining API clients in our behat contexts.
```

> We expanded the  `Sylius/Behat/Client/ApiClientInterface` methods with extra parameter `$resource`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We extended the following methods of `Sylius/Behat/Client/ApiClientInterface` with extra argument `$resource`.
```

  +  public function subResourceIndex(string $resource, string $subResource, string $id): Response;
    
  -  public function show(string $id): Response;
  +  public function show(string $resource, string $id): Response;
  
  -  public function delete(string $id): Response;
  +  public function delete(string $resource, string $id): Response;
  
  -  public function applyTransition(string $id, string $transition, array $content = []): Response;
  +  public function applyTransition(string $resource, string $id, string $transition, array $content = []): Response;
  
  -  public function customItemAction(string $id, string $type, string $action): Response;
  +  public function customItemAction(string $resource, string $id, string $type, string $action): Response;
  
  -  public function buildCreateRequest(): void;
  +  public function buildCreateRequest(string $resource): void;
  
  -  public function buildUpdateRequest(string $id): void;
  +  public function buildUpdateRequest(string $resource, string $id): void;
  
  -  public function buildUploadRequest(): void;
  +  public function buildUploadRequest(string $resource): void;
  ```

> With the follow change we are no more defining the clients in `api.xml` file (there are only defined the `shop` and `admin` endpoints) and now to make a call by a different client you have to pass it inside of the methods above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this change, we reduced the number of clients from one per resource to only **two**, one for the `shop` section and one for the `admin`. To make a call for a specific resource you must pass it inside the methods shown above.
```

> You can see the actual difference in example below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see the actual difference in the example below:
```

  ```diff
  -  $this->avatarImagesClient->buildUploadRequest();
  +  $this->client->buildUploadRequest(Resources::AVATAR_IMAGES);
  ```

> As you can see the `Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Resources` class has all the defined clients stored in constances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Resources` class contains constants for all the defined resources.
```

We also removed the `Sylius\Behat\ClientApiIriClient` alongside with `Sylius\Behat\ClientApiIriClientInterface` as it's no more used.

#### Changes in contexts

The constructors of the behat contexts changed with the improvement.

> Here is the example change of the constructor of `Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Shop\OrderContexts`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is the example change of the constructor of `Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Shop\OrderContext`
```
Though IMO, it'd be better to show an example where the number of clients actually changed.
